README.md, before:

# cenj (Working Title)

cenj (Working Title) is an experimental mod for Victoria 3.

** Please note this mod is currently unbalanced and may be unstable **

This is the first mod that I've created for a Paradox game in over a decade, and that was only a small Victoria II mod that added a couple of new tags. All feedback is welcome!

This mod was originally titled Cultures, Events, Nations, Journals.

For a list of features and an update changelog, please see the documentation folder within this mod.

## Installation

Download the contents of this project and place it in your Victoria 3 mods folder. On Windows this can be found in your documents folder "~/documents/paradox interactive/victoria 3/mods/".

## Compatibility

This mod is written for the latest* version of Victoria 3 - patch 1.3.6

Please note: this mod will inherently cause the game to run slower than vanilla, especially from the midgame onwards (around the 1860s...).

This mod should be fully compatible with any cosmetic / GUI mods.

Any other kind of mod would have to be looked at on a case-by-case basis.

## Translation

This mod is available in English.

Other languages will be added in the future, if you would like to add a translation or request one feel free to contact me. 

## Credits

A full list of credits can be found in ~/documentation/credits.md.

### Licence

You can (re-)use any part of this mod that I personally created in whatever way you want.

### Notes

*At the time of writing

Commit message:

cenj-0.0.50
### 0.0.50
- reverted buildings to vanilla size
- adjusted construction sector, quarry, mint and urban centres pm inputs/outputs and employment numbers
- finance sectors turn deposits into securities
- mints create government minting from raw materials
- removed currency good
- changed pms for finance sector and mint
- changed central bank institution bonuses
- moved some buildings to different categories and lenses
- adjusted ownership pms for new mines
- changed monetary system law, petitions should work now, different modifiers
- added trees to kyushu in japan
- temporary localisation for new south african journals/events
- publishing house now requires mass communications technology
- fixed ai war goals extra bracket
- fixed missing on_created in die groot trek event for matabele
- added sugar beets pm to rye and wheat farms
- changed palm oil pm to need tech
- overhauled the road network pms (was causing issues for certain tags)
- added new transport methods for plantations and mines
- added new horses good
- fixed occitania not being able to read
- changed discrimination traits for new cultures, tweaked existing
- new goods icon for horses
- new icon and background for central bank institution
- new state picture for savanna terrain
- fixed mestizo heritage characters not having clothes

README.md, after:

## victoria-3-cenj

victoria-3-cenj is an experimental overhaul mod for Victoria 3.

## Features

Still under development.

- New states, cultures, nations, religions, state traits, buildings, goods, production methods, and more.
- Major unification for South Africa and greatly expanded flavour for the region with new journal entries, characters, events, nations, etc.
- North American flavour, new events, nations and cultures.
- Russia flavour new nations and cultures - new journals and events to do.
- Integrated several other flavour mods

## Installation

Download the repository as a .zip and extract it, or clone the repo and move the folder "victoria-3-cenj" to your Victoria 3 mods folder. On Windows this can be found in your documents folder "~/users/yourusername/documents/paradox interactive/victoria 3/mods/".

## Compatibility

This mod is compatible with Victoria 3 patch version 1.3.6

## Translation

This mod is only availible in English at present.

## Credits

A full list of credits with hyperlinks can be found in ~/documentation/credits.md.

### Licence

You can (re-)use any part of this mod that I personally created in whatever way you want.
