documentation/credits.md, before:

## Credits

I may have forgot some here, let me know.

### Discord & Others

- Savs for this great guide on the Steam community page (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2892376601)
- @wepg on YouTube for the construction sectors AI code (www.youtube.com/@wepg)
- Tobbzn (whoever you may be...) for the .gui files that I acquired via discord
- The EU4 to Vic2 conversion project for the flags

### Steam Workshop (Active)

These are mods that I have taken inspiration from, parts of code or incorporated entirely into my own mod that are updated for the current patch or are timeless.

- "Victoria Tweaks Mod" by *OPB* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2935989855)
- "Remove Overlord Border on Flag Mod" by *gaboemi* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2881234308)
- "Severe Malaria Icon (Edit)" by *ontoclasm* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2887385391)

### Steam Workshop (Abandoned or Outdated)

These are mods that I have taken inspiration from, parts of code or incorporated entirely into my own mod that are abandoned, don't work on the current patch or have been deleted from the workshop.

- [Abandoned?] "More States" by *Arnil* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2881527989)
- [Abandoned] "Better Borders" by *Foxomexra* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2881732032)
- [Abandoned] "Southern Africa Rework" by *Timur* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2892080578)
- [Abandoned?] "Illegal Immigration" by *皮皮山上的咕咕⑨* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2893271165)
- [Deleted] "Banks and the Central Bank" by *unknown* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2884670827)
- [Deleted] "Diaspora Cultures" by *unknown* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2883636528)
- [Abandoned?] "Explosives Industry" by *Imperialist* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2881606688)
- [Abandoned] "Historical Russian Substates" by *mushriks* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2883212186)
- [Abandoned] "Independent Newfoundland" by *Dungeon Master* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2880478571)
- [Abandoned] "Texas Flavor Mod" by *John M* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2881332604)
- [Deleted] "Releasable City-States" by *unknown* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2882107207)
- [Abandoned?] "Newspapers & Magazines" by *Paramonov* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2889750915)

Commit message:

cenj-0.0.41
### 0.0.41
- new dynamic homelands in north america
- more north american diaspora cultures will appear
- rewritten pop_culture primary and culture changing scripted effects and on_actions
- added memel river state trait
- changed historical trade routes
- changed terrain brush weights for determining province terrain
- south italian cultures now have different colours
- general bug fixes
- fixed flag and country definitions
- fixed starting countries laws being invalid
- fixed andalusia related errors
- fixed major railways journal entry and event (siberian states)

documentation/credits.md, after:

## Credits

I may have forgot some here, let me know.

### Discord & Others

- Savs for this great guide on the Steam community page (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2892376601)
- @wepg on YouTube for the construction sectors AI code (www.youtube.com/@wepg)
- Tobbzn (whoever you may be...) for the .gui files that I acquired via discord
- The EU4 to Vic2 conversion project for the flags

### Steam Workshop (Active)

These are mods that I have taken inspiration from, parts of code or incorporated entirely into my own mod that are updated for the current patch or are timeless.

- "Victoria Tweaks Mod" by *OPB* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2935989855)
- "Remove Overlord Border on Flag Mod" by *gaboemi* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2881234308)
- "Severe Malaria Icon (Edit)" by *ontoclasm* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2887385391)

### Steam Workshop (Abandoned or Outdated)

These are mods that I have taken inspiration from, parts of code or incorporated entirely into my own mod that are abandoned, may be abandoned (haven't been updated for 1.3, no developer updates) or have been deleted from the workshop.

- [Abandoned?] "More Canals" by *WalkerSystem* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2885102508)
- [Abandoned?] "More States" by *Arnil* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2881527989)
- [Abandoned] "Better Borders" by *Foxomexra* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2881732032)
- [Abandoned] "Southern Africa Rework" by *Timur* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2892080578)
- [Abandoned?] "Illegal Immigration" by *皮皮山上的咕咕⑨* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2893271165)
- [Deleted] "Banks and the Central Bank" by *unknown* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2884670827)
- [Deleted] "Diaspora Cultures" by *unknown* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2883636528)
- [Abandoned?] "Explosives Industry" by *Imperialist* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2881606688)
- [Abandoned] "Historical Russian Substates" by *mushriks* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2883212186)
- [Abandoned] "Independent Newfoundland" by *Dungeon Master* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2880478571)
- [Abandoned] "Texas Flavor Mod" by *John M* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2881332604)
- [Deleted] "Releasable City-States" by *unknown* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2882107207)
- [Abandoned?] "Newspapers & Magazines" by *Paramonov* (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2889750915)
